{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15100\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Buglist.txt \
\
Bug list \
\
1)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 FILE OR CLASS NAME: TimBot.java \
METHOD: harvestSpresso()\
LINE #s: 156\
BUG DESCRIPTION: the operator is wrong energy level < 99 set to = 99 \
BUG FIX: changed the operator to > 99  = 99 \
\
2)\
FILE OR CLASS NAME: ChickenBot.java\
METHOD: getNextMove()\
LINE #s: 50\
BUG DESCRIPTION: the operator is wrong >= should just be. > 0\
BUG FIX: changed the boolean if statement to > 0\
\
3)\
FILE OR CLASS NAME: BullyBot.java\
METHOD: fireCannon()\
LINE #s: 66\
BUG DESCRIPTION: decrement j\'97however it should increment as j is assigned to 0 and not .length of the array\
BUG FIX: changed to j++ so it will increment through the array \
\
4)\
FILE OR CLASS NAME:  BullyBot.java\
METHOD: fireCannon()\
LINE #s: 67\
BUG DESCRIPTION: energy level must be decremented after use of the cannon \
BUG FIX: energylevel was changed to energylevel\'97 so it was decremented after use \
\
5)\
FILE OR CLASS NAME: AngryBot.java \
METHOD: getNextMove()\
LINE #s: 48\
BUG DESCRIPTION: it needs two energy to work however boolean expression was < 2\
BUG FIX: changed to > 2\
\
6)\
FILE OR CLASS NAME: SpressoBot.java\
METHOD: getNextMove() \
LINE #s:72 \
BUG DESCRIPTION: needs to be != the current district. Was seeing if they were the same and then executing the statements inside\
BUG FIX: changed boolean expression != \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
7)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 FILE OR CLASS NAME: District.java\
METHOD: setTimBot()\
LINE #s: line 69\
BUG DESCRIPTION: \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Tim bot needs to not have a bot in that location already to be placed. However the logic behind this is that the resident and bot is null.\
The bot cannot be null to be assigned as the resident bot. \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
BUG FIX: \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Swapped the boolean assessment of bot == null to bot != null. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
8)\
FILE OR CLASS NAME: \cf4 \cb5 DohNat.java\cf2 \cb3 \
METHOD: \cf4 \cb5 getDistrict() \cf2 \cb3 \
LINE #s:\cf4 \cb5 line 164\cf2 \cb3 \
BUG DESCRIPTION: \cf4 \cb5 he height had the wrong variable after the modulo operation \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 y = ( y + height ) % width; this caused the coordinate edges to not be maintained by the proper numbers\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 BUG FIX: \cf4 \cb5 y = ( y + height ) % height;\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 This fix allows for the coordinates edges to be maintained by the proper numbers. \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 9) \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 FILE OR CLASS NAME: DohNat.java\
METHOD: doHarvestPhase() \
LINE #s:  line 140-141\
BUG DESCRIPTION:  The area where they were looking was going out of bounds and thus harvest phase could not be completed properly. Logic error that was found was \
The array tried to go past its index bounds. For loops conditions.  \
BUG FIX: changed the. <= operator to just < so the limits would not be breached \cf2 \cb3 \
\cf4 \cb5 \
10) \
FILE OR CLASS NAME: District.java \
METHOD: doMovePhase()\
LINE #s: 194 \
BUG DESCRIPTION: the direction was using the boolean operations (==) for CURRENT and that will not allow them to move as they will always be in current and direction almost never current\
They had to use != current to execute the next move \
BUG FIX: replaced the boolean operation of == with != \
\
11)\
FILE OR CLASS NAME: DohNat.java\
METHOD: doMovePhase()\
LINE #s: 94\
BUG DESCRIPTION: The for loop condition for y started at 1 however it needs to start in the same place as x as it is a square grid. \
BUG FIX: changed y = 1 to y = 0\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
]}