{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15520\viewh10760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
List of Refactorings\
====================\
Name/Banner# of Developer: Julia Olmstead B00780639\
====================\
\
1.  \
   File: District.java \
   Location (method/approx. line #): hasSpresso/earlistHarvest 187 \
   Issue Identified: Inappropriate naming of method as well as no longer useful return for the new plan classes\
   Description of fix: changed the naming and fixed return statement to give the minimum amount of rounds a plant will take to fully mature in that district \
   Implemented: yes \
\
2. File: District (taking care of too much)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Location (method/approx. line #): \
   Issue Identified: is taking care of plants when it should just set them up and not take care of jolts etc \
   Description of fix: make plant class take care of jolts and create getters and setters for the plants variables \
   Implemented: yes \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3.  File: SpressoBot.java, ChickenBot.jaba, AngryBot.java, TimBot.java\
   Location (method/approx. line #): getNextMove(), 71 \
   Issue Idetified: Common code to find the minimum move\
   Description of fix: Push the common code into TimBot.java, creating a\
                        protected method to be used instead.\
   Implemented:Yes (Completely, all tests pass)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4.File: SpressoBot.java and ChickenBot.java\
   Location (method/approx. line #): getNextMove() ,  52\
   Issue Idetified: common code to loop through the scores and find all 			possibilities\
   Description of fix: push the common code into TimBot and create a protected void loopForPossibilities()method to be used instead\
   Implemented: no\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5.BullyBot.java\
   Location (method/approx. line #): fireCanon(), 50-53\
   Issue Idetified: code block that assesses if the count is greater than the energy available and required energy to start up. \
   Description of fix: push code block to TimBot and create final variables for the if statements (energyLevel - 2) 2 should have a final variable attached to it. \
Implemented: no\
\
6. Open/Close Principle\'95\
    File: TimSim\
    Location: main(), TimSim method\
    Issue: Any time a new TimBot is added, this code will need to be changed.\'95\
    Fix: Use a Factory pattern to encapsulate the instantiation of TimBots.\
    Implemented: attempted \
\
7. File: SpressoBot.java, ChickenBot.jaba, AngryBot.java, TimBot.java\
   Location (method/approx. line #): getNextMove()\
   Issue Idetified: Common code to check if move will result in \
                    energy use and decrement energyLevel if that \
                    is the case\
   Description of fix:  Push the common code into TimBot.java, creating a\
                        protected method to be used instead.\
   Implemented: Yes (Completely, all tests pass)\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}